Product Linear Placement template update (#259)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Templates/Product Shape/Product Placement/Product Linear Placement/Documentation.md

> A Product Linear Placement takes into account the ISO 19148 Linear referencing standard. Linear placement is defined by a position relative to a _IfcLinearPositioningElement_ (distance along and optionally lateral, vertical and longitudinal offsets), a horizontal reference direction, and a vertical axis direction. Each product placed with Product Linear Placement has an absolute placement on the _IfcLinearPositioningElement_._Representation_ where the _IfcLinearPositioningElement_  is typically instantiated as an IfcAlignment. Therefore, similarly to how _IfcSpatialElement_._ObjectPlacement_ sets the context for all contained elements, the IfcLinearPositioningElement sets the context for all elements positioned on it. Consequently, each product placement that uses Product Linear Placement references an _IfcLocalPlacement_ which is the placement of an _IfcLinearPositioningElement_ through _IfcLinearPlacement_._PlacementRelTo_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Product Linear Placement takes into account the ISO 19148 Linear referencing standard. Linear placement is defined by a position relative to a _IfcLinearPositioningElement_ (distance along and optionally lateral, vertical and longitudinal offsets), a horizontal reference direction, and a vertical axis direction. Each product placed with Product Linear Placement has an absolute placement on the _IfcLinearPositioningElement_._Representation_ where the _IfcLinearPositioningElement_  is typically instantiated as an IfcAlignment. Therefore, similarly to how _IfcSpatialElement_._ObjectPlacement_ sets the context for all contained elements, the _IfcLinearPositioningElement_._ObjectPlacement_ sets the context for all elements positioned on it. Consequently, each product placement that uses Product Linear Placement references the _IfcObjectPlacement_ of the _IfcLinearPositioningElement_ through _IfcLinearPlacement_._PlacementRelTo_.
```
